Nothing is purer than the beneficent actions of imparting knowledge. This is one of the chiefest intensions with which T. N. Rao College initiated its 18 years long, satisfying and fruitful journey in academic from 1998. T. N. Rao College aims at humanizing human beings in the form of progressive, responsible and self reliant individuals who would be instrumental in fulfilling the demands of the society for value based education and for national character building. Here the learners are facilitated to the road of self sufficient learning process in the 2.5 acres of quiet, lush green arena of land where in the pupils come, learn and equip themselves for the bright and better future. The college provides varied professional courses like B.Sc., B.Com., B.BA., B.C.A., LL.B., B.Ed., M.Sc.(IT) and M.Ed. to build up the future leaders for the country.

The mission of the institution is to equip the learners for the ever changing task of the outside world and to modify their behavior in a desirable and acceptable manner. Soft skills are imbued into them to turn to convert them into the natural, confident and cheerful leaders who can shoulder any mammoth task with at ease. To create teaching learning environment the institute integrate an idea of inclusiveness, shared responsibility, openness, adaptive governance, open acknowledgement and quality of global life through dignity, dedication and devotion.

In order to bring out the creative impulses from the students, here the cultural and co-curricular activities like celebration of different festivals like Navratri, Uttarayan, group discussions, talent shows, seminars, workshops are organized where the students are provided to have maximum exposure, both as a participant and as a part of management committee. Through all these programmes the students learn self esteem, self reliance and self discipline.

Lest the learners should not turn into automatized money minting machines, the college infuses certain essential humane values like, honesty trustworthyness diligence, descriptive, fairness, love, peace, justice, empathy and being mindful of the environment, into the learners. The way to imbue these humane qualities into the learners, the college arranges many charitable and aims giving programmes like visit to the orphanages, old age homes, helping the under privileged people.

Here, from the scientists to the business tycoons, social workers to the IT professionals come and guide the pupils to get in touch with the factual world and to foster I.Q., E.Q. and S.Q. in themselves. And thereby balancing between competition and co-operation, external motivation and internal motivation and competence and performance.