==> BBA

About department
The BBA course is aimed at providing a management degree to students who are aspiring for a career as managers and who wish to 
become an MBA subsequently. 
The BBA program develops capable problem-solvers and decision-makers. 
It provides a fundamental grounding in administration and offers an opportunity to pursue a wide range of interests. 
Successful completion of BBA would make a student eligible for admission to MBA program. 
A wide exposure and linkage with industry. 
The program provides a wide range of choices to the student entering into an attractive employment. 
Incorporates various professional skills and value focused decision making along with the regular teaching. 
A broad professional and technical knowledge. 
After the course you are eligible for MBA, MCA
Eligibility: 12th pass
Duration: 3 years (six semesters)
Fees: 18000 (per year)

==>BCA

About department
“We’re changing the world with technology” - Bill Gates 
“Once a new technology rolls over you, if you’re not part of the steamroller, you’re part of the world” - Stewart Brand 
The Bachelor of Computer Applications or BCA is a three year undergraduate program. 
BCA is designed to produce graduates who have the necessary skills & knowledge not only in computer and information technology, 
but also in communication, organization and management . 
BCA course will develop the scope for all streams student to get job in IT industry since they will be able to develop software programming skills. 
They can also do MCA / M.Sc.(IT & CA) / MBA course after completion of the BCA course, which will enable them to get job in top-rated 
IT companies like Infosys, TCS, Wipro, Reliance etc.
Eligibility: 12th Pass
Duration: 3 years (six semesters)
Fees: 22500 (per year)

==>MSCIT

About department
  Master of Science (Information Technology & Computer Application) M.Sc.(IT & CA) is a 2 year Post graduate Degree Program designed
mainly to produce technically competent, self motivated and highly productive professionals to meet the growing demand of an ever changing 
market of the global IT industry. 
This course is a professional qualification in IT, which grooms not only IT professionals, but also experts from other domains providing a unique
and comprehensive programme. 
This program is unique and flexible which allows graduates to build a satisfying career is the challenging fi The primary aim is to provide 
graduates with appropriate practical knowledge, skills, and understanding for managing IT use, change and development. 

Intake	:	70 (Direct Admission given by College)
Eligibility: As per Saurashtra University Central Admission Board (SUCAB) Norms
Duration: Two years (four semesters) full time course
Fees: Rs.20000/- (per semester)

==>B.Com

“Commerce is the engine of our economy” The B.Com. program offers in intellectually challenging curriculum that provides with a solid 
knowledge in business. The interdisciplinary nature of the program allows to analyze, formulate the solve challenging business problems. 
The B.Com. program, facilitates study a specific business discipline in greater detail. The programme provides a wide range of choices to the 
student entering into an attractive employment. A broad professional and technical knowledge After completion of this course you become 
eligible for MBA & MCA program
Eligibility: 12th Pass (Commerce)
Duration: 3 Years (Six Semester)
Fees: 15000 (per year)

==>B.Ed

“Teaching is Human Engineering and Soul Doctoring”
Teaching refers to the multiple tasks carried out by teacher for leading the learners to the expected learning. 
The relevance of theory course in teacher education programs has been stressed by various commissions, committees and those involved 
in education. 

Also plea is made that the situation needs to be remedied by effecting curricular changes in Teacher Education Program. 


Course Aims : An academically rigorous teacher education. A sound foundation for Developing teaching ability. 
Intake	:	B.Ed. – 200 (Admission given by Central Admission Committee – 170, Admission given by Management – 30)
Eligibility: Any Graduate (with minimum 45%)
Duration: 2 Years
Fees: 38000 (per year)

==>M.Ed

Secondary Teacher’s Training Course (B.Ed.) 
Two year training programme, for shaping a graduate into a Secondary Teacher. The college is affiliated to Saurashtra University, 
Rajkot and approved by Government of Gujarat. 
National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), New Delhi, has recognized both the teacher training programmes conduct by this college. 
Masters of Education (M.Ed.) 
Two year programme, for initiating research skills in Teacher Education. 
Approval received from NCTE because our B.Ed. programme was Re-Accredited with B Grade (2.76 CGPA) by NCCA. The course is 
affiliated with Saurashtra University, Rajkot 
Intake : 40 (Admission given by Central Admission Committee – 30, Admission given by Management – 10)
Eligibility: B.Ed.
Duration: 2 Years
Fees: 30,000/- per semester *Students belonging to SC, ST category get scholarship upto 100% by the Government

==>BSc

Whenever I found out anything remarkable, I have thought it my duty to put down my discovery on paper, so that all ingenious people might 
be informed thereof.” – Antonie van leeuwenhoek 
“Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.” – Sir Isaac Newton 


The Bachelor of Science (B.Sc.) is an undergraduate program of 3 years duration (6 semesters). This is the era of exploring basic sciences 
and to convert it into the advance and applied technologies. As we are one of the fastest growing institutes in science and technology, 
we offer specializations in Microbiology, Chemistry, Physics and Mathematics under the title of B.Sc. Our aim is to give professionally qualified 
and technically skilled experts to society who can add on into the development of nation India as well as make proud it at world level too. 
The qualified B.Sc. students can built their carrier as Microbiologist, Research scientist, Chemist, Druggist, forensic expert, Astronauts, 
electronic experts, Defence & space research scientists, Mathematicians.
Eligibility: 12th Science
Duration: 6 semesters
Fees: 30000 (per year)

==> LLb

The Bachelor of Law (LL.B) is an undergraduate program of 3 years duration (6 semesters). The students will be admitted after the completion 
of their graduation in any discipline.The students in the college will be able to get equipped with legal knowledge.They will not be only a good 
lawer but a kind and good human being. We believe that we do not require "The Lawers" but we require "Good Lawers".The college will provide 
a plateform to the young minds which dream to fly high.
Eligibility: Any Graduate
Duration: 3 years
Fees: 18000/- per year

==>MSc(0rganic Chemistry)

"Chemistry is necessarily an experimental Science : its conclusions are drawn from data & its Principles supported by Evidence from facts"... 
Michael Faraday 
The Master of Science (M.Sc.) is a Post Graduate Programme of two years duration (four semester) M.Sc. in Chemistry Combines formal 
Course work with independent research guided by an Experienced researcher. Chemistry Equips you with the necessary skills for participating 
in research groups or for the independent leadership and management of complex work work and development situations within the field. 
Objectives 
- Excel the skills & knowledge of various area of chemistry. 
- To prepare professionally competent manpower resource for industrial & research area. 
- To provide skill full training to the students regarding work Environment of Chemistry & related field. 
- To expand the vision of students regarding chemistry subject & its effectiveness in various aspects related to life. 
- To provide information regarding to formulate, structure & execute a research project involving the development & use of chemical methods.
Eligibility: Students with B.Sc. Chemistry OR any related subjects & B.Tech.
Duration: 2 years (Four Semester)
Fees: Rs.30000/- per semester