==>Physics Laboratory

Physics is the study of matter, energy and the interaction between them, but what that really means is that physics is about asking fundamental 
questions & trying to answer them by observing and experimenting.

We have physics laboratory which is well equipped and it consists of two different laboratories to perform the practical of physical / electronics 
and optics / spectroscopy (i.e. dark room).

Laboratory is furnished with relevant instruments which are very useful for students to understand the various concepts of physics by 
performing the practicals.

Laboratory is well equipped with the instruments like.

Spectrometer
Cathode Ray Oscilloscope (C.R.O.)
Telescopes
Frequency generators
Cathetometers
Galvanometers
Potentiometer
Pagnetron
Kater’s Pendulum
Rectifiers
Amplifiers etc.

==>Chemistry Laboratory

Chemistry is the branch of science which deals with the study of chemical composition, structure of compound / matter, chemical reaction 
mechanism & its relative properties.

We have well established chemistry laboratory with the capacity of maximum 75 students. Here students perform all types of chemistry 
practical’s like

Organic
Inorganic
Physicochemical
Volumetric
Physical Analysis
We have advanced instruments like

pH meter
Conducto meter
Colori meter
Referacto meter
Polari meter
visco meter
Stalagmo meter
Chromatography equipments
All these practicals will help the students to skill in chemistry subject.

==> Mircobiology Laboratory

Microbiology has emerged as the key biological science fetching wide range of career opportunities. We have a microbiology laboratory 
with modern lab design, well equipped and spacious accommodating 60 students.

The lab is furnished with all the required instruments to perform microbiology practicals.

Necessary equipments/instruments include

Illuminating light microscope (Monocular and Binocular)
Autoclave
Table top centrifuge and cooling centrifuge
Agarose gel electrophoresis and trans illuminator
pH meter
Refrigirators
Bop incubator with shaker
Water bath
Laminar airflow unit
Hot air oven

==> Library

A library occupies a very important place in an institution. With its books suited to the interests and aptitude of students of different age group, 
with its magazines, periodicals, news papers and with its calm and tranquil atmosphere it has a special call to the students who go there and 
quench their thirst for reading the material which cannot be provided to them in the class room. Here they find an environment which is 
conductive to the building up of habit of self learning. The library is the center of the intellectual and social activities of the institution. 
The library has got very wholesome effect over the work of the institution.

Librarian Dr. S.R.Ranganathan in his thoughts mentioned that

Library is one of the developing field.
Every book is useful.
All readers should get their books.
All books should get their readers.
Readers can utilize their time.
All the above thoughts should be fulfilled in library.
In one of our vedas, there is one shloka for gaining knowledge we should pray goddess Sarasvati that during our journey of studies, 
enrich us with your blessing and give us success.

We have total of 34360 books of different streams out of which
Faculty of Education : 14626
Faculty of Science : 164
Computer Science : 9800
Law : 2750
Management : 7020
in which different reference books, dictionaries, encyclopedia, magazines and general books of different subjects are available.
SERVICES PROVIDED TO STUDENTS :
Book bank facility (as per semester)
Intra-Library Loan (Exchanging books of inter faculties)
Daily News Papers
Internet (WiFi) Facility
Thesis and C.D.s
Reference Books
By using these facilities, all the students and teachers are gaining knowledge.

==>Computer Laboratory

There are 2 well equipped computer labs in college, one with 120 computers and another with 60 with a centeralized server and a thorough 
LAN facility connected to High Speed Internet(30 Mbps).

There is enough space and resources available for group projects and research works.

All Computers are loaded with all the necessary softwares and frameworks which are in the syllabus according the University

Moreover, qualified staff available helps the students in all their work whether it may be in or out of the syllabus.
UV-visible spectrophotometer and colorimeter
Vortex and magnetic stirrer with hot plate etc…